Create Your-vouchers.md (#189)
PrestaShop/prestashop-specs: front-office/Your-vouchers.md

> ## Rules of the displayed vouchers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Rules of the vouchers displayed in the customer's account in front-office
```

> A voucher is displayed if it follows specific restrictions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vouchers are displayed in the customer account in the front-office, according to their parameters:
```

On the table below are listed all the different cases.

> | Cases | Code | Highlighted | Group restriction | User resctriction | Is Visible Voucher page ? |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Cases | Code | Highlighted | Group restriction | User restriction | Available in the FO vouchers page? |
```

> | Cases | Code | Highlighted | Group restriction | User restriction | Available in the FO vouchers page? |

Reviewer: It depends also of the status of the cart rule, maybe we should add it

|-------|------|-------------|-------------------|-------------------|---------------------------|

> | 1     | X    | Yes         | X                 | X                 | Yes                       |

Reviewer 2: What is the 'X'?

Author: Yes and No, I could replace by Yes or No, or Yes/No

Reviewer 2: It will be clearer, yes.

Reviewer: +1 to replace the remaining "X", it's not very clear like this

| 2     | X    | X           | X                 | Yes               | Yes                       |
| 3     | Yes  | No          | No                | No                | No                        |
| 4     | No   | No          | Yes               | No                | Yes                       |
| 5     | No   | No          | No                | No                | Yes                       |

> | 6     | Yes  | No          | Yes               | No                | No                        |

Reviewer 2: What happens when the customer uses the voucher, is it still displayed on this page?

Reviewer 2: One question left, sorry @MatShir! ⬆️

Reviewer: From what I tested, if the "Total available for each user" is reched or if the "Total available" is 0, the voucher is still displayed but with 0 in the quantity column
I think we should specify this in the spec, see my suggestion at the line 21

> When there is no voucher for the customer, the page displays: "You do not have any vouchers." 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When there is no voucher for the customer, the page displays a notification: `You do not have any vouchers.` in `Shop.Notifications.Warning`.
```

If the customer has vouchers, it is listed on the table with the following information:

> - the voucher's Code if there is any. It leaves a blank if it is a voucher with no code.

Reviewer 2: Does a voucher with no code still appear in the listing?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The voucher's Code if there is any. It leaves a blank if it is a voucher with no code.
```

> - The Description of the voucher, it corresponds to the name of the cart rule form.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The Description of the voucher. It stands for the name of the cart rule.
```

> - The Quantity available for the customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Quantity available for the customer. If the "Total available for each user" is reched or if the "Total available" is 0, the voucher is still displayed but with 0 in the quantity column
```
